BDR-4213/BDR-4222 Security section revamp and fix (#4942)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/pgd/5/security/roles-and-replication.mdx

---
title: Roles and replication
---

DDL changes executed by a user are applied as that same user on each node.

DML changes to tables are replicated as the table-owning user on the target node.
We recommend but don't enforce that a table be owned by the same user on each node.

Suppose table A is owned by user X on node1 and owned by user Y on node2. If user Y
has higher privileges than user X, this might be viewed as a privilege escalation.

> Since some nodes have different use cases, we allow this but warn against it

Reviewer: I notice that this chapter talks about "we" a lot, while it should likely be "PGD" in most cases (according to the [Documentation Styleguide](https://www.enterprisedb.com/docs/community/contributing/styleguide/#person) - should this be corrected as part of this section revamp exercise?

```suggestion
Since some nodes have different use cases, PGD allows this but warns against it
```
